README.md, before:

# Save SPM Cache

[![Step changelog](https://shields.io/github/v/release/bitrise-steplib/bitrise-step-save-spm-cache?include_prereleases&label=changelog&color=blueviolet)](https://github.com/bitrise-steplib/bitrise-step-save-spm-cache/releases)

Saves Swift Package Manager dependency cache. This Step needs to be used in combination with **Restore SPM Cache**.

<details>
<summary>Description</summary>

Saves Swift Package Manager dependency cache. This Step needs to be used in combination with **Restore SPM Cache**.

This Step is based on [key-based caching](https://devcenter.bitrise.io/en/builds/caching/key-based-caching.html) and sets up the cache key and path automatically for SPM dependencies. If you'd like to change the cache key (or paths to cache), you might want to use the generic [Save cache](https://github.com/bitrise-steplib/bitrise-step-save-cache) Step instead.

#### Related steps

[Restore SPM cache](https://github.com/bitrise-steplib/bitrise-step-restore-spm-cache/)

[Save cache](https://github.com/bitrise-steplib/bitrise-step-save-cache/)

</details>

## 🧩 Get started

Add this step directly to your workflow in the [Bitrise Workflow Editor](https://devcenter.bitrise.io/steps-and-workflows/steps-and-workflows-index/).

You can also run this step directly with [Bitrise CLI](https://github.com/bitrise-io/bitrise).

### Examples

Check out [Workflow Recipes](https://github.com/bitrise-io/workflow-recipes#-key-based-caching-beta) for other platform-specific examples!

#### Minimal example
```yaml
steps:
- restore-spm-cache@1: {}
- xcode-test@4: {}
- save-spm-cache@1: {}
```


## ⚙️ Configuration

<details>
<summary>Inputs</summary>

| Key | Description | Flags | Default |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `verbose` | Enable logging additional information for troubleshooting | required | `false` |
| `derived_data_path` | Path of the project's Derived Data folder. Supports glob patterns. | required | `~/Library/Developer/Xcode/DerivedData/**` |
</details>

<details>
<summary>Outputs</summary>
There are no outputs defined in this step
</details>

## 🙋 Contributing

We welcome [pull requests](https://github.com/bitrise-steplib/bitrise-step-save-spm-cache/pulls) and [issues](https://github.com/bitrise-steplib/bitrise-step-save-spm-cache/issues) against this repository.

For pull requests, work on your changes in a forked repository and use the Bitrise CLI to [run step tests locally](https://devcenter.bitrise.io/bitrise-cli/run-your-first-build/).

**Note:** this step's end-to-end tests (defined in `e2e/bitrise.yml`) are working with secrets which are intentionally not stored in this repo. External contributors won't be able to run those tests. Don't worry, if you open a PR with your contribution, we will help with running tests and make sure that they pass.


Learn more about developing steps:

- [Create your own step](https://devcenter.bitrise.io/contributors/create-your-own-step/)
- [Testing your Step](https://devcenter.bitrise.io/contributors/testing-and-versioning-your-steps/)

Commit message:

Automatically generate project specific derived data path (#7)
Added Xcode Project Path (project_path) Input. This allows automatic selection
of the correct project-specific DerivedData path. The default behavior does not change,
to use this option the Derived Data Path (derived_data_path) needs to be manually cleaned.

README.md, after:

# Save SPM Cache

[![Step changelog](https://shields.io/github/v/release/bitrise-steplib/bitrise-step-save-spm-cache?include_prereleases&label=changelog&color=blueviolet)](https://github.com/bitrise-steplib/bitrise-step-save-spm-cache/releases)

Saves Swift Package Manager dependency cache. This Step needs to be used in combination with **Restore SPM Cache**.

<details>
<summary>Description</summary>

Saves Swift Package Manager dependency cache. This Step needs to be used in combination with **Restore SPM Cache**.

This Step is based on [key-based caching](https://devcenter.bitrise.io/en/builds/caching/key-based-caching.html) and sets up the cache key and path automatically for SPM dependencies. If you'd like to change the cache key (or paths to cache), you might want to use the generic [Save cache](https://github.com/bitrise-steplib/bitrise-step-save-cache) Step instead.

#### Related steps

[Restore SPM cache](https://github.com/bitrise-steplib/bitrise-step-restore-spm-cache/)

[Save cache](https://github.com/bitrise-steplib/bitrise-step-save-cache/)

</details>

## 🧩 Get started

Add this step directly to your workflow in the [Bitrise Workflow Editor](https://devcenter.bitrise.io/steps-and-workflows/steps-and-workflows-index/).

You can also run this step directly with [Bitrise CLI](https://github.com/bitrise-io/bitrise).

### Examples

Check out [Workflow Recipes](https://github.com/bitrise-io/workflow-recipes#-key-based-caching-beta) for other platform-specific examples!

#### Minimal example
```yaml
steps:
- restore-spm-cache@1: {}
- xcode-test@4: {}
- save-spm-cache@1: {}
```


## ⚙️ Configuration

<details>
<summary>Inputs</summary>

| Key | Description | Flags | Default |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `derived_data_path` | Path of the project's Derived Data folder. Supports glob patterns. |  | `~/Library/Developer/Xcode/DerivedData/**` |
| `project_path` | Xcode Project (`.xcodeproj`) or Workspace (`.xcworkspace`) path.  If this is a Swift package, this should be the path to the `Package.swift` file. |  | `$BITRISE_PROJECT_PATH` |
| `verbose` | Enable logging additional information for troubleshooting | required | `false` |
</details>

<details>
<summary>Outputs</summary>
There are no outputs defined in this step
</details>

## 🙋 Contributing

We welcome [pull requests](https://github.com/bitrise-steplib/bitrise-step-save-spm-cache/pulls) and [issues](https://github.com/bitrise-steplib/bitrise-step-save-spm-cache/issues) against this repository.

For pull requests, work on your changes in a forked repository and use the Bitrise CLI to [run step tests locally](https://devcenter.bitrise.io/bitrise-cli/run-your-first-build/).

**Note:** this step's end-to-end tests (defined in `e2e/bitrise.yml`) are working with secrets which are intentionally not stored in this repo. External contributors won't be able to run those tests. Don't worry, if you open a PR with your contribution, we will help with running tests and make sure that they pass.


Learn more about developing steps:

- [Create your own step](https://devcenter.bitrise.io/contributors/create-your-own-step/)
- [Testing your Step](https://devcenter.bitrise.io/contributors/testing-and-versioning-your-steps/)
